DGDemux 1.0.0.63
----------------

DGDemux is a standalone demuxer for BluRay/UHD disks, including 3D BluRays.
It takes a playlist and demuxes all the elementary streams (audio and video),
the subtitle streams, and the chapters. The demuxed files are all
in sync with the demuxed video, even for seamless branching titles.
Also shipped with DGDemux is a GUI called DGDemuxGUI.

DGDemux currently supports Windows 64-bit.

Note on demuxed 3D streams: If instead of separate base and dependent streams
you require a single interleaved stream, you can first demux them into separate
streams and then use the included tool DGMVCCombine in a command window to
create the interleaved stream. For example:

DGMVCCombine base.264 dependent.264 combined.264

Basic Usage
-----------

You must have a full decrypted disk structure on local storage, obtained
from (for example) AnyDVD HD or MakeMKV. Then the usage is:

DGDemux -i full_path_to_MPLS_file -o full_path_to_destination_with_filename_prefix

Note that for the -i, -o, -d, and -l options, if there is any white space in the
path, the entire path string should be enclosed in quotes, e.g.:

Examples
--------

The following command opens a disk and prints information about the playlists.

DGDemux -d "H:\Rips\CARS 2"

The following command opens an MPLS playlist file and prints information about the
M2TS files and streams. A stream marked by an asterisk is a 'hidden' stream.
It is not accessible for play by the bluray player (technically, it is not
listed in the disk's STN_table). Hidden streams are not by default selected
for demux, but you can select them if needed.

DGDemux -i "H:\Rips\CARS 2\BDMV\PLAYLIST\00800.mpls"

The following command demuxes all the streams in the specified MPLS file.

DGDemux -i H:\Rips\CARS_2\BDMV\PLAYLIST\00800.mpls -o d:\tmp\CARS_2\00800

Command Line Options
--------------------

-ang x: Selects angle given by integer x. The numbering starts at 1.

-fo: Demux forced subtitles only.

-d path: This option specifies the disk to be processed. It should be a
full path to the desired top-level directory of the decrypted disk structure.
DGDemux will output a list of playlists with their sizes. This must be the last
option given on the command line.

-i path: This option specifies the playlist to be processed. It should be a
full path to the desired playlist file in the decrypted disk structure.

-o path: This a full path to the directory and name to be used for the demuxed files.
Please do not include an extension. The name at the end of the path will be used to
name the demuxed files. This is typically the first part of the MPLS filename.
In the example above, the path "D:\tmp\CARS_2\00800" specifies the output
directory as "D:\tmp\CARS_2\", and specifies the prefix "00800" for the names of
the demuxed files. Be careful when using multiple instances of DGDemux that the
name prefix is different so that the instances cannot try to create files with the
same filename. To avoid such collisions, DGDemuxGUI defaults the name to the
process ID of the DGDemuxGUI instance.

If the -o option is omitted, then a list of available streams to demux will be output.

-l path_to_file: Redirect output to the specified file. This is used by DGDemuxGUI.
You can also use it to discard the output when using DGDemux.exe directly: give
'-l nul' on the command line.

-demux list: list is a comma-separated list of streams to be demuxed. For example,
"-demux 1011,1100". The numbers are the hex values of the corresponding PIDs, as shown
when a listing is generated by omitting the -o option. Also note that if this option is
omitted, then all the streams will be demuxed. If you want chapters to be demuxed, then
you must include "Chapters" in the PID list, for example, "-demux 1011,1100,Chapters"

-sf: Skip the first M2TS file in the playlist. Some disks, such as Naked Alibi, have a
very short first M2TS file in the playlist that is typically a logo without audio.
The lack of audio causes a parsing failure upon opening the MPLS, such that the
audio is not detected for the title. To process such disks, you can give the -sf
option. The chapters will be adjusted accordingly.

-sl: Skip the last M2TS file in the playlist.

-nopre: If this option is not given DGDemux tries to preallocate disk space for demuxing
in order to reduce fragmentation of the demuxed files. In low disk space situations, this
may cause demux failure even though there is (barely) enough space. For this situation,
the -nopre option can be given to disable preallocation.

-sp: Strict playlist. This option removes garbage at the start and end of a playlist.
Garbage refers to content in a playlist that is outside the range defined
by the IN_time of the first M2TS and the OUT_time of the last M2TS. This is distinct from
-sf and -sl. The IN_time of an M2TS need not correspond to the first video access unit of
an M2TS. For example, CROUPIER (one M2TS in the playlist) has almost a full minute of color
bars and blackness before the IN_time, and then some more blackness after the OUT_time.

-ch: Chop excess audio. Within each M2TS file, remove audio that specifies a PTS after the
OUT_time of the M2TS (excess audio).

-nogaps: If this option is checked file gaps processing for the audio is disabled. Typically used
for research and debugging.

-ep: Episode demuxing mode. Each M2TS in the playlist is demuxed into separate files. When in this
mode, the progress indication is of the form "[n] x", where n is the episode number (1-based)
and x is the progress percentage for that episode.

-sk n: Skip the first n M2TS files. Do not use with any other skip options. This option is
intended for use transparently by the -ep option.

INI File Options
----------------

Following are the INI file entry semantics:

Output_Path=string: string is a full path to the desired output directory, e.g.,
Output_Path=D:\tmp\DGDemuxGUI test\. This entry is written by the GUI and should
not be edited.

Window_Position=x,y: x and y are the coordinates of the window position. This entry
is written by the GUI and should not be edited.

Preview_Path=string: string is a full path to preview executable, e.g.,
Preview_Path=C:\Standalone\MPC-HC\mpc-hc64.exe. This entry is not written by the
GUI and can be configured only by editing the DGDemux.ini file.

Languages=string,string,string,...: This entry specifies a comma-separated list of
3-letter language identifiers, e.g., Languages=eng,fra. When an MPLS is displayed,
only the languages specified in this list will be checked (enabled for demuxing)
in the Streams List. This entry is not written by the GUI and can be configured
only by editing the DGDemux.ini file.

Copyright (C) 2019-2022 Donald A Graft, All Rights Reserved
